BREVO_READY.md, before:

# ✅ Brevo Setup Complete!

## Your Brevo Credentials (Configured)

✅ **Brevo Account Email**: noreply@safarzonetravels.com  
✅ **Brevo SMTP Key**: xsmtpsib-6b0398d2fc0edcd5bd53acd551bfe6c56ec94d70b507bc22d1bb02075cb0681c-vmKQQ32EtVYZ6poV  
✅ **SMTP Server**: smtp-relay.brevo.com  
✅ **Port**: 587 (TLS)  

## What Will Happen

### Priority Order:
1. **GoDaddy port 2525** (first - if works)
2. **Brevo** (if GoDaddy fails) ← **Yeh ab configured hai!**
3. **Gmail** (if Brevo fails - optional)
4. **Outlook** (if Gmail fails - optional)

## Current Status

✅ Brevo credentials added to `settings.py`  
✅ Code will automatically try Brevo if GoDaddy fails  
✅ Works on DigitalOcean (no port blocking)  
✅ FREE 300 emails/day  

## Next Steps

1. **Deploy code to server**
2. **Test OTP sending**
3. **Check logs**: `tail -f logs/email.log`

## Expected Result

If Brevo works, you'll see in logs:
```
✓ Email sent successfully using Brevo-Port587
```

## Testing

After deployment:
1. Try to register a new user
2. OTP should be sent via Brevo
3. Check email inbox
4. Check logs to see which service was used

## Brevo Dashboard

- **Login**: https://app.brevo.com/login
- **Email Statistics**: https://app.brevo.com/statistics
- **SMTP Settings**: https://app.brevo.com/settings/smtp

## Free Tier Limits

✅ **300 emails/day** - FREE forever  
✅ **No credit card required**  
✅ **No expiration**  

## Security Note

For production, consider using environment variables instead of hardcoded credentials:

```bash
# On server
export BREVO_SMTP_USER="noreply@safarzonetravels.com"
export BREVO_SMTP_KEY="xsmtpsib-6b0398d2fc0edcd5bd53acd551bfe6c56ec94d70b507bc22d1bb02075cb0681c-vmKQQ32EtVYZ6poV"
```

Then in `settings.py`, it will automatically use these environment variables.

## Client Communication

"Email service Brevo se setup kar di hai - completely free, 300 emails per day. Koi extra charges nahi. DigitalOcean ke port blocking issues se bachne ke liye yeh best solution hai."

---

## Everything is Ready! 🚀

**Deploy and test!** Brevo will automatically be used if GoDaddy fails.

Commit message:

Remove Brevo credentials from code - use environment variables instead

BREVO_READY.md, after:

# ✅ Brevo Setup Complete!

## Your Brevo Credentials (Set via Environment Variables)

✅ **Brevo Account Email**: Set as `BREVO_SMTP_USER` environment variable  
✅ **Brevo SMTP Key**: Set as `BREVO_SMTP_KEY` environment variable  
✅ **SMTP Server**: smtp-relay.brevo.com  
✅ **Port**: 587 (TLS)

**⚠️ IMPORTANT**: Never commit credentials to git! Always use environment variables.  

## What Will Happen

### Priority Order:
1. **GoDaddy port 2525** (first - if works)
2. **Brevo** (if GoDaddy fails) ← **Yeh ab configured hai!**
3. **Gmail** (if Brevo fails - optional)
4. **Outlook** (if Gmail fails - optional)

## Current Status

✅ Brevo credentials added to `settings.py`  
✅ Code will automatically try Brevo if GoDaddy fails  
✅ Works on DigitalOcean (no port blocking)  
✅ FREE 300 emails/day  

## Next Steps

1. **Deploy code to server**
2. **Test OTP sending**
3. **Check logs**: `tail -f logs/email.log`

## Expected Result

If Brevo works, you'll see in logs:
```
✓ Email sent successfully using Brevo-Port587
```

## Testing

After deployment:
1. Try to register a new user
2. OTP should be sent via Brevo
3. Check email inbox
4. Check logs to see which service was used

## Brevo Dashboard

- **Login**: https://app.brevo.com/login
- **Email Statistics**: https://app.brevo.com/statistics
- **SMTP Settings**: https://app.brevo.com/settings/smtp

## Free Tier Limits

✅ **300 emails/day** - FREE forever  
✅ **No credit card required**  
✅ **No expiration**  

## Security Note - REQUIRED!

**⚠️ CRITICAL**: Credentials are NOT in code. You MUST set them as environment variables on your server:

```bash
# On server - REQUIRED!
export BREVO_SMTP_USER="noreply@safarzonetravels.com"
export BREVO_SMTP_KEY="your-brevo-smtp-key-here"
```

**Never commit credentials to git!** Always use environment variables for security.

## Client Communication

"Email service Brevo se setup kar di hai - completely free, 300 emails per day. Koi extra charges nahi. DigitalOcean ke port blocking issues se bachne ke liye yeh best solution hai."

---

## Everything is Ready! 🚀

**Deploy and test!** Brevo will automatically be used if GoDaddy fails.
